Previously on "The 100"...
RAVEN: Meet Eligius IV.
BELLAMY: "No inmates past this point."
MURPHY: The prisoners are still here.
ECHO: This is an army.
Can you rig it so we
can kill them remotely?
- Possible. Why?
- Leverage.
BELLAMY: Put down your
weapons. or we pull the plug.
RAVEN: Pulling the plug from
the ground is not an option.
Someone has to stay.
I'm staying. too.
HARRIS: Colonel. we
have 5 more hostiles.
What did I tell you would
happen if you lied to me?
Bellamy? Clarke knew you would come.
OCTAVIA: You are Wonkru. or
you are the enemy of Wonkru.
Choose.
Each of you has committed
crimes against Wonkru.
Win the fight. save your life.
Bring in the next combatants.
[CHEERING]
[HEARTBEAT]
[MUFFLED CHEERING]
[CHEERING BECOMES CLEARER]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[CHEERING STOPS]
Each of these 4 combatants have
committed crimes against Wonkru.
They are our enemies...
traitors to our people.
traitors to our code of
strength. unity. and honor...
but today one of you
will be given a chance
to once again be called
brother or sister.
However. first. you must survive.
The only rule in this
arena is. be the last.
[CHEERING]
As always. as we invite death
into this hall. we honor it.
- _
- GAIA: Omon gon oson.
CROWD: Omon gon oson.
Be the last.
[CHEERING]
[COMBATANTS GRUNTING]
Where the hell is Abby?
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
ABBY: Please!
He doesn't deserve to die!
Tell Octavia. Tell Octavia it was me!
It was me.
Yeah!
[CHEERING]
MAN: Finish him! Finish the job!
WOMAN: Finish him!
Yeah!
[CHEERING]
[BOOING]
He's losing them.
[BOOING CONTINUES]
[PANTING]
Marcus Kane.
in stealing life-giving
medicine from Wonkru.
you have committed a
crime against our people.
but you are the last.
Has he earned his freedom. Blodreina?
No.
He fights again tomorrow.
[CHEERING]
AMZN.WEBRip-CasStudio sync:
ShaneHelbin
[INSECTS CHIRPING]
SHAW. ON RADIO: Colonel. it's me.
He's telling the truth.
Somehow they blocked the remote access
to the cryo-room and the pods.
We can't wake anyone up.
Do I have your attention now?
I don't know how you got on my ship.
but if anything happens
to any of my people...
Nothing will happen to them
as long as we can make a deal.
MCCREARY: I say we kill him now.
What do you want?
We need your help opening a bunker.
You're miners.
so that shouldn't be a problem for you.
If you do that. I'll let your people go.
And then what. happily ever after?
Then we'll split this
valley down the middle.
Whether or not you're happy is on you.
but I'd like to think that
we can find a way to coexist.
[MCCREARY CHUCKLES]
DIYOZA: Threatening to
kill 283 of my people
is one hell of a way
to start a friendship.
Do we have a deal. or not?
[BUZZER]
[GASPS]
Oh. you're really here.
- Madi?
- She's safe.
She's in the woods with the others.
Diyoza won't look for them
as long as we're in control.
You're all still alive...
Murphy. Monty. Raven?
Echo and Emori. Yeah.
Clarke. you saved us all.
And now you're home.
[SNIFFLES]
Wait. Why'd she release me?
We made a deal.
She agreed to open the bunker.
MURPHY: They're all still asleep.
I told you. you don't have
to go all the way down there.
See for yourself.
The sleeping prisoners are green.
As Monty would say. green is good.
The empty pods where
the crew slept are red.
- Red is...
- Dead.
Yes. That includes our friend Kodiak.
Anyways. it's handled.
The only one waking them up now is me.
If it's handled. why do you still have
that Raven work face on?
Because while you were
wandering aimlessly.
I was trying to figure out
who we're dealing with down there.
She look familiar?
It's the woman from the captain's log.
Colonel Charmaine Diyoza.
She was something they
called a Navy SEAL.
was decorated for valor 3 times.
I don't understand.
How does a war hero end up leading
a mutiny on board a prison ship?
Good question.
She became a terrorist...
bombing campaigns. assassinations.
At the time of her arrest.
she was the most wanted
criminal in the world.
Oh. and we're threatening
to kill her people.
What could go wrong?
BELLAMY. ON RADIO: Raven.
can you hear me? Come in.
Tell me everyone's OK.
BELLAMY: Everyone's OK.
We reached a deal with
the people from that ship.
and. by the way. the
lasercom's an open line.
so they can hear every word we say.
Nice to meet you.
We're not bad people. We...
BELLAMY: Raven. keep
him away from the radio.
Copy that.
Anyway. they know the
rules. but just to be safe.
Colonel Diyoza. here they are again.
If anyone tries to get
around your security.
you pull the plug.
If anyone does anything
that wasn't agreed upon.
you pull the plug.
and if you don't hear from
me every hour on the hour.
you pull the plug.
Is that all?
No. That's not all.
Someone wants to say hello.
Raven. Murphy.
it's really good to hear your voices.
Clarke? I don't believe it.
Jeez. and they call me the cockroach.
Hey. you guys just be
careful up there. OK?
We'll talk more once this is all over.
I want to hear everything.
OK. but first.
thank you for saving our lives.
I miss you both.
We got to go.
Raven. stay safe. We'll talk soon.
Yeah. every hour on the hour.
Tell me what you're doing
because it sure as hell
feels like we're
negotiating with terrorists.
Shoe's on the other foot?
I want to be airborne in 90 seconds.
T-minus 90 seconds and counting.
I hate to admit it.
but the girl scout is not wrong.
You. of all people. should know better.
I say we take them out
and fly back to Eligius
and gather our people.
How long would it take this Raven
to kill everyone in cryo?
Assuming she's removed the failsafes.
3 minutes.
Everyone strap in.
Do you trust me. or not?
I don't trust anyone.
There's a doctor in that bunker...
Clarke's mother. it turns out.
We grab the doctor.
kill the hostage taker
and his girlfriend.
We go home and find a cure.
Will you trust me now?
[WHIRRING]
Ready for liftoff.
SHAW: 3. 2. 1.
[RUMBLING]
[WOMAN SINGING IN TRIGEDASLENG]
[SINGING CONTINUES IN DISTANCE]]
[BUZZER]
[DOOR OPENS]
You could have walked away
with your freedom yesterday.
You had the crowd on your side.
but you lost them when
you showed weakness.
I know you didn't steal
the medicine. Kane.
Admit it.
Tell me who took it.
and I'll let you go.
Only the guilty should
fight in the arena.
We're all guilty.
I'm not here for a
philosophy lesson. Kane.
I'm here to give you a second chance.
And I'm offering you the same.
You kept us together. Octavia.
It's true. Wonkru's strong.
We could have torn ourselves
apart during the dark year.
One more word about the dark year.
and I will put you in the arena.
even if you tell the truth.
- You know the law.
- I won't fight.
Hmm. Then you die.
KANE: You lost your way.
We all have.
I've been quiet too long.
You think the arena delivers justice?
I know it does.
Your mother... your mother was floated
for having a second
child. for having you.
I was party to that and so much more.
We have a chance to do
something better here.
We're throwing it away.
Octavia. please.
Strength without mercy is nothing.
It's nothing. but you can end it.
You can save us.
It's not too late.
Tell me who stole the medicine. Kane.
So be it.
Don't try to talk me out of it.
I won't.
[BUZZER]
[DOOR OPENS]
He won yesterday.
I made sure to match him up
with a weaker opponent today.
but he's refusing to fight.
Maybe you can talk some sense into him.
Wait. It was me.
ABBY: I took the drugs.
I-I can't function
without them. and I...
Please don't let him die
because of something that I did.
You were right to have me lock her up.
He knew you'd confess
to try to save him.
The only way to save you both
is for him to win.
You have one minute.
Talk to him.
Abby. what have we done?
What we had to do to survive.
How many times can we
tell ourselves that?
- It's the truth.
- No.
It's what we say to justify the horror
we inflict on each other.
I can't do it anymore.
But you have to fight.
You have to fight.
I'll do anything.
I'll give up the pills.
I'll do anything. I can't lose you.
Shh shh shh...
I lost myself.
[BUZZER]
- It's time.
- No. not yet.
You have to let me go.
Promise me you won't confess.
even after I'm gone. because if you die.
my sacrifice is for nothing.
- Promise me.
- I promise. I promise.
And promise me you'll
stop taking the pills.
I will. I promise.
[CHUCKLES]
I love you.
Kane...
[CREAK]
[CRYING]
Yo. look what I found.
Come on. We can at
least have a little fun
before our possible genocide.
Kidding. obviously.
What psychopath are we
studying up on today?
No one. These are the files
for the Eligius missions.
Check it out.
The company funded 3 other long-haul
interstellar missions.
We're in Eligius IV.
Eligius I was an
explorer ship. unmanned.
They found hythylodium
gold mine on this asteroid
named Proxima Six.
Eligius II was the
first mission to mine it.
but it failed because it
didn't have enough manpower.
which is why they switched to
prison labor for Eligius IV.
So what happened to III?
Exactly. That's the weird part.
I can access the database
for I. II. and IV.
but III has an AES 256-bit
encryption algorithm.
- English.
- Even I can't get in.
Got it.
I just... I've been
working on it for hours.
Whoa. what's happening?
They're trying to hack
in from the ground.
What are you doing?
Stopping them. What do you think?
What I think is. we need
to pull the damn plug.
No. I can do this.
Raven. if you can't and they get in...
OK. Just shut up.
Murphy. I'm almost there.
Go.
We're good.
No. No. we're not. We
need to tell Bellamy.
Murphy. no. Please don't.
No. You knew the rules. OK?
This is exactly what we signed up for.
What if they get through next time?
They won't. I got this.
Do you? Look. Raven.
I can understand not wanting to kill
300 people in their sleep.
but if we can't go through with this...
I said. I can do this. OK.
so why don't you just
go play with your ball
and I'll do the rest like always?
Aye. aye. captain.
[CHEERING]
GAIA: As we invite death
into this hall. we honor it.
GAIA: Omon gon oson.
- _
- CROWD: Omon gon oson.
GAIA: And. as always. be the last.
[CHEERING]
What is this? Choose your weapon.
Fight me. damn you.
or neither of us will
get out of here alive.
I will not fight you.
I will not kill this man.
KANE: Somehow we allowed
justice to become vengeance
and vengeance to become sport.
and I allowed that.
that darkness to rise...
[BUZZER]
But my complicity ends today.
You are Wonkru. or you
are the enemy of Wonkru.
Choose.
I already have.
[CHEERING]
Get up.
Come on. Kane.
Where is your survival instinct?
Saving my people is about more
than keeping them alive.
[CHEERING CONTINUES]
It's not too late.
For you. it is.
[RUMBLING]
INDRA: Clear the arena!
Get the prisoners to their cells.
Octavia. it's not safe here.
No. No!
[SWORD CLATTERS]
I knew you'd come. I knew you'd come.
[CLICK]
[OCTAVIA PANTING]
Who are they?
We're here to rescue you.
- Why are you armed?
- O.. O.. it's OK.
We have an understanding.
CLARKE: Before we get
to that. where's my mom?
I'll take her to her mother.
DIYOZA: So I take it you're his sister.
BELLAMY: Yes. Sorry.
Octavia. this is Colonel Diyoza.
- Colonel?
- Used to be.
Love the war paint. by the way.
OK. so how do we do this?
Two at a time.
Why don't you people get your things.
and we'll get started as
soon as we're ready topside?
Exactly how many people
should we be prepping for extraction?
- 1.200.
- 814.
Copy that.
The number of people
we're saving today is 814.
You got that. Shaw?
How's it coming up there?
I'm still locked out.
Whoever this girl is. she's good.
I'll let you know when I get back in.
[TYPING]
[STATIC]
Real cute.
[WHOOSH]
Murphy?
You thought this was a
good place to take a nap?
Yeah. Why not?
These guys have been
doing it for 100 years.
What. you thought one
of them was waking up?
You said that was impossible.
It's not.
What. exactly. are
you doing here. Raven.
coming to hang out with all the people
you might have to kill?
Wait.
Raven. wait.
I didn't mean that. all right?
I know how hard this is.
Look. I'm sorry if I was a bitch before.
I just...
I'm just afraid I won't
be able to pull the plug.
I know.
That's why I'm gonna do it.
- Murphy...
- Just wait.
Everybody was so surprised
when I stayed behind.
I mean. most of all me.
Thought maybe I was
doing it to impress Emori.
but the more I think about it...
I mean. why do you always have
to be the one to sacrifice?
Anyway. if it comes down to it.
I got this.
[BUZZER]
- Is it over?
- He's alive... for now.
Hi. Mom.
Clarke?
How? How?
When? When did...
We should move. now.
[SNIFFLES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Everything's gonna be OK.
but first. we have to
get you out of here.
Come on.
What happens to Marcus?
I'll get him to the ground.
After that. it's up to you.
[WHIRRING]
_
CROWD: Kom falau oso na gyon op.
Kom falau oso na gyon op.
[EXHALES]
Come on.
Thank you.
It's good to see you.
The deal was no weapons.
Not my deal.
I need to talk to you in private.
Give me a second. then follow me.
OK. Bring him up.
Blodreina. the red queen.
Tell me about the fighting pit.
How did that happen?
Because it looks to me like someone
read Ovid a few too many...
6 years is a long time.
Things have changed. I've changed.
We have a lot to talk about. O.
We do.
just not right now.
I don't trust these people. Bell.
Who are they? Where'd they come from?
Why are they helping us?
I don't trust them. either. OK?
But I need you to trust me.
We have leverage.
What kind of leverage?
[WHIRRING]
All right. Bring him in.
Clear.
Hi. Hey...
[CLICK]
Wait for night.
If you get caught. I
won't be able to help you.
There's our doctor.
DIYOZA: Shaw. what the
hell is taking so long?
I told you. this girl
is some kind of genius.
Everything I thought
of. she thought of first.
She even had time to flip me the bird.
Does that mean she knows you've
been trying to get back in?
- Maybe. but...
- I told you to be careful.
Those are our men up there. Shaw.
Relax. They're OK. See?
Snug as criminally insane bugs
in hermetically sealed rugs.
Hermetically sealed.
What?
We still got access to
the docking bay doors?
Uh...
[TYPING]
Yeah.
Open them all.
- That'd kill them.
- Not our people.
We found our doctor.
It's time to end this.
[TYPING]
Opening docking bay doors.
[BEEP BEEP]
John Murphy takes the pass...
from himself. mind you...
dribbling down the pitch.
Meanwhile. Go-Sci's
monstrously hideous.
- one-legged goalie attempts to defend.
- OK.
Can she? No. She can't.
He's got too much speed.
Can he do it? Goal! Yes!
Yes! Oh. it's so sweet.
[ALARM BLARING]
What's happening?
VOICE: East docking bay door opening.
They're trying to kill us
by venting the oxygen.
- That's not good.
- It's time to pull the plug.
- How long do we have?
- Not long.
Wait. Long enough to put us into cryo?
Good idea. Tell me how.
You're you. all right? Figure it out.
Murphy. it's time. Pull the lever.
Fine. I'll do it myself.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
What?
I'm not ready to die. Are you?
- It's done.
- Good job.
Get her ready to fly.
[BEEPING]
Wait.
What is it. Shaw? Talk to me.
They're waking up.
They opened the pods.
Colonel. if we don't
close the outer bay doors
right now. your people
are gonna die. too.
You mean our people.
don't you. Lieutenant?
What are your orders?
[BEEPING CONTINUES]
Close the doors.
[TYPING]
Either way. we're back in control.
Your friend may be
smart. but she's a coward.
Live coward.
[WHOOSHING]
[COUGHING]
Survival instinct sucks.
This is a mistake. brother.
She's starting with her fighters.
You know I'm right.
That's an army right there.
More of us are loyal to you than to her.
Just say the word.
Not yet.
The time will come.
Just don't do anything stupid.
DIYOZA: Let's go.
Where's my doctor?
OK. We're safe here.
Let's get those cuffs off.
If you're right and that valley's
the only survivable place.
where will your mother and I go?
I'll talk to Octavia. see
if I can reason with her.
You won't be able to.
Regardless. that's tomorrow's problem.
Today we have to keep you out of sight
until everyone is safely...
[EXPLOSION]
What the hell was that?
I know what that was. Stay here.
DIYOZA: Sorry about
your pretty fountain.
but that was only half power.
I know most of you are armed.
If anyone moves for a weapon.
you'll see what full
power does to human flesh.
- It's not pretty.
- Hey!
Hey. what the hell are you doing?
- One call from me...
- Make your call.
Raven. come in. You read me?
The deal's off. but
nobody has to get hurt.
MAN: Someone's coming.
DIYOZA: Hold your fire.
Where's your mother?
She's our doctor. You can't have her.
MCCREARY: She asked you a question.
Where is the doctor?
SZYBUNKA: That's right.
You're not so tough now. are you?
OCTAVIA: No! Hold.
ABBY: I'm right here.
ABBY: Don't shoot.
We'll come without a fight.
I bet you will. traitor.
- "We"?
- The two of us.
Those are my terms.
I see where your daughter gets it from.
Take them both.
Mom. what are you doing?
I love you. Clarke.
- Let's go. Move.
- OK. then. Here are my terms.
The valley is ours.
Any attempt to get there will
be met by overwhelming force.
As long as you stay here.
we won't have a problem.
Is that a problem?
What about Raven and Murphy?
For now. insurance.
Let's go. On me.
DIYOZA: Szybunka. that's an order.
[WEAPON FIRES]
DIYOZA: Szybunka. you idiot!
Get to the ship. Move! Now!
Prep for emergency evac.
[GASPING]
[WINCES]
Octavia. can you hear me?
I've got you.
[WHIRRING]
VOICE: Auto pilot engaged.
What the hell happened?
What happened is. we're at war.
Go missiles hot... one into the crowd.
one into the bunker.
Wait. What are you talking about?
- Get them out of here.
- No. Wait.
- Do it now.
- Hold on.
- Please!
- My daughter is down there.
Whoa. Slow down. This is a mining ship.
Those missiles are designed
to break up asteroids. not crowds.
Because of this idiot.
we have no choice.
They will retaliate.
We have to end this now.
Colonel. just think.
By my count. there are
less than 1.500 people left
in the human race.
- She gave you an order.
- I'm flying this ship.
Shoot me. we all die.
I'm not gonna ask you again. Lieutenant.
This is a mistake.
[TYPING]
- _
- [BEEP]
[TYPING]
MCCREARY: What's taking so long?
[BEEP]
- What is it?
- I don't know. It's jammed.
- Your friend Raven?
- Has to be.
Let's go get her.
Copy that. Everybody strap in.
Main rocket burn in 3. 2...
[BANG]
Only have 283 more.
[RUMBLING]
[WHIMPERING]
I trusted you. This is your fault.
MILLER: Blodreina...
what do we do now?
Now we go to war.
Synced and corrected by Octavia
- www.addic7ed.com -
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm